>> Steve Kinney: We can
also do the checkout.
So you put stuff in the cart, neat.
That's an exercise in futility if
you can't actually place the order.
In the cart store,
there is a method called do checkout.
This is very important, it handles the
very important job of doing the checkout.
>> Steve Kinney: And in the other case,
we're going to want to go ahead and
actually send the order, right?
After the API call is completed,
and we have dude the checkout,
we want to call restore cart to upstate
the client's view with any other change
that might have happened as a result
of the order creation, right?
The order's been created, empty the cart,
so on and so forth, right?
There is a restore cart method.